README.md, before:

# Boris Bikes

This is a project to emulate a Santander Cycle system in Ruby.

## This project will help us to reach the following learning objectives
- Being able to TDD anything
- Programming fluently
- Ability to debug anything

## User stories and domain model

User stories:

As a person,
So that I can use a bike,
I'd like a docking station to release a bike.

As a person,
So that I can use a good bike,
I'd like to see if a bike is working

As a member of the public
So I can return bikes I've hired
I want to dock my bike at the docking station

As a member of the public
So I can decide whether to use the docking station
I want to see a bike that has been docked

As a member of the public,
So that I am not confused and charged unnecessarily,
I'd like docking stations not to release bikes when there are none available.

Objects | Messages
---------|----------
 Person |
 Public |
 Docking station | release_bike<br>dock_bike<br>check_bike
 Bike | working?

 Diagram:

 ![diagram](./images/user-stories-diagram2.png)





Objects | Messages
---------|----------
 Public | B1
 Docking station | dock_bike
 Bike | check_bike_working?

 Diagram:

 ![diagram](./images/user-stories-diagram2.png)

 ## Errors

 ```
NameError: uninitialized constant DockingStation
    from (irb):2
    from /home/ec2-user/.rvm/rubies/ruby-2.6.3/bin/irb:23:in `<main>'
```

irb line 2 states :
```
docking_station = DockingStation.new
```
This is a problem because the constant 'DockingStation' does not yet exist, or in code speak it has not been initialized.

We could solve this error by creating a constant called 'DockingStation'.

Commit message:

step 13 pt 1 up capacity to 20 bikes

README.md, after:

# Boris Bikes

This is a project to emulate a Santander Cycle system in Ruby.

## This project will help us to reach the following learning objectives
- Being able to TDD anything
- Programming fluently
- Ability to debug anything

## User stories and domain model

User stories:

As a person,
So that I can use a bike,
I'd like a docking station to release a bike.

As a person,
So that I can use a good bike,
I'd like to see if a bike is working

As a member of the public
So I can return bikes I've hired
I want to dock my bike at the docking station

As a member of the public
So I can decide whether to use the docking station
I want to see a bike that has been docked

As a member of the public,
So that I am not confused and charged unnecessarily,
I'd like docking stations not to release bikes when there are none available.

As a maintainer of the system,
So that I can control the distribution of bikes,
I'd like docking stations not to accept more bikes than their capacity.

As a system maintainer,
So that I can plan the distribution of bikes,
I want a docking station to have a default capacity of 20 bikes.

Objects | Messages
---------|----------
 Person |
 Public |
 Docking station | release_bike<br>dock_bike<br>check_bike
 Bike | working?

 Diagram:

 ![diagram](./images/user-stories-diagram2.png)





Objects | Messages
---------|----------
 Public | B1
 Docking station | dock_bike
 Bike | check_bike_working?

 Diagram:

 ![diagram](./images/user-stories-diagram2.png)

 ## Errors

 ```
NameError: uninitialized constant DockingStation
    from (irb):2
    from /home/ec2-user/.rvm/rubies/ruby-2.6.3/bin/irb:23:in `<main>'
```

irb line 2 states :
```
docking_station = DockingStation.new
```
This is a problem because the constant 'DockingStation' does not yet exist, or in code speak it has not been initialized.

We could solve this error by creating a constant called 'DockingStation'.
